The next morning, I wake up early in anticipation of the busy day ahead.
To get to school, I'll have to take the subway. It'll be a new experience for me.
I leave my building. %With my bag in hand, I head for the station.
Aboard the train, dozens people crowd around me.
With this many individuals cramped in such a tight space...
I almost feel as if I am drowning in an ocean of strangers.
I count the number of stops before my destination. It shouldn't be long.
As I exit the station, I can't help but stare in awe at the busy city around me.
Hundreds of people cross the at the intersection, with traffic at a complete standstill.
Now's not the time to get disoriented. I take another look at the map on my phone.
It's a few blocks in the opposite way.
Pointing myself in the correct direction, I make my way through the crowd.
Up ahead, I see a familiar looking building. That must be the school.
I've seen it in pictures before. But in person, it seems so much larger.
Students flow into the main entrance in a thick stream, their uniforms bright against the dull gates.
Kurumi: I can't imagine my old school was even a quarter of this size of this place.
I take a deep breath and head inside.
Waiting in an empty hallway, I see the rest of the class is already seated.
The teacher's muffled voice slips through the crack in the classroom door.
Teacher: We have another new student who'll be joining us today.
That's [bk]ME@ she's talking about.
Teacher: [bk]Kurumi@, would you please come in?
I take a deep breath and step through the door.
Teacher: This is [bk]Kurumi Motoyama@. Would you like to introduce yourself?
I look over the faces staring at me. My new classmates.
Without a moment's hesitation, I bow.
Kurumi: Hello! My name is [bk]Kurumi@. I'm really excited to meet you all.
I flash my best smile and hope for the best.
...
An unenthusiastic reception.
I hope I haven't said anything too embarassing.
Kurumi: ...
Teacher: You're the second transfer student we've had recently.
Teacher: It's not often we get two in the same class in such a short period of time.
She points over to the boy in the front row.
Teacher: You should meet [br]Yuuto@. He's the other transfer I mentioned.
I bow slightly in his direction.
Kurumi: [b3]N-nice@ to meet you!
He smiles.
Yuuto: Another transfer, huh?
Yuuto: Well, let me know if you need anything, alright?
Kurumi: I...
I do my best to smile back.
Kurumi: Of course!
I look over at everyone else.
I'm sure I'll get to know more of them over time.
