I struggle to piece together an accurate picture of what just happened.
The last distinct memory I have was of being in class.
After that, everything was a haze.
I see the dim fluorescent lights of the nurse's office flicker above me.
A warm glow from the setting sun shines in through the window.

K: It's late, isn't it?
I should probably be heading home.

By the time I reach the subway, it was already getting dark.
The train is packed. People must be heading home from work.
I manage to find a seat.

As the train hums along, I run through all the bizarre events that had just witnessed.
The dream. That alternate world that I wandered through.
What did he call it?
K: An Anomalous Magical Event.
It sounds like something out of a science fiction novel.

However, my memory certainly seemed too real to be just pure fiction.
The world in that dream was completely empty. Except...
K: The rooftop.
Those two men. I heard them. I saw them.
But... they weren't able to see me. Or at least it didn't seem like it.
Was this more magic?

I then remembered something. Up on the rooftop for a brief instant, I saw someone else.
A girl, her long hair billowing in the wind.
And... in an instant, she was gone.

A frightening thought came into my mind.
What if she was somehow related to the monster I saw?
A chill ran down my spine.
I didn't know why that came to mind.
I honestly hoped it wasn't true.
There was still too much I didn't know.

I feel myself suddenly pushed forward as the train slows to a halt.
The doors open and people flood in and out.
My stop is coming up next.

As I sit and wait for the train to start again, I go over what Yuuto had said to me.
Magic. It exists, and I was able to see it.
But... what was magic, exactly?

I remembered a bright pillar of light shooting from the earth.
Was it magic that he used to stop that monster?
What else could magic do?
Could it make you fly, or give you super powers?
I felt a little silly asking that question.

Lastly, I thought about the men that had come to the room.
They both seemed to know Yuuto.
And, they seemed to all be working together.
But for what, exactly?
If I wanted to know more, I'd have to ask Yuuto tomorrow.
I wonder how much he'd be willing to tell me.
As the train comes to another halt, I stand up and get ready to leave.

K: I'm home.
A collection of unopened boxes and furniture silently greets me back.
More must have arrived while I was gone.
Tossing off my shoes and backpack, I collapse exhaustedly onto couch.

I pull out my phone.
What would my parents say if I tried to tell them what happened today?
...
They'd probably think I was making it all up.
I toss my phone off to the side.

Maybe I am making all this up.
Maybe this was all some odd dream, and I'll wake up tomorrow to find that none of it actually happened.
I kind of hope that turns out to be the case.
