Gossip and chatter echo through the halls as I make my way back to class.
The noise around me begins to blend together to a continuous background hum.
I must be feeling under the weather.
As I take another step, my vision begins to blur.
The world around me shifts as I regain my balance. My head is spinning.
I... should really sit down somewhere.
Making my way down the hall, I reach my home classroom and open the door.
A sharp pain runs through my head as the colors around me distort.
The clear skies outside have suddenly turned into dark, ominous clouds.
An ambient red glow filters in from outside, casting menacing shadows on the walls and floor.
There's nobody here.
I close my eyes. %This can't be right.
What is going on?
A bell rings and snaps me out of my trance.
I'm suddenly back in the world I expect.
Reaching my hand to my face, I touch my forehead.
Everything about me seems fine. At this moment, I feel completely normal.
Still, I couldn't shake what had just happened.
The vision seemed too real to be just a simple daydream.
There was no logical explanation for any of it.
As I stand in the doorway, students slowly work their way around me.
Class must be starting soon.
I guess I've got more important things to worry about.
I just hope it doesn't happen again.
Making my way back to my seat, I notice an empty desk up in the front.
[br]Yuuto@'s. I wonder where he went.
As I reach my desk, [bn]Naoko@ looks up.
Naoko: Hey there-
She pauses, with a concerned look on her face.
Naoko: [b3]Woah@. You alright?
Kurumi: Wha..?
Naoko: You look... %Really out of it right now.
I stop for a moment.
Kurumi: I...
Naoko: You look like you've just seen a ghost!
Naoko: Of course, everyone knows ghosts don't show up during the day... %Or do they?
Kurumi: ...
Kurumi: I... don't know what you're talking about.
She frowns, disappointedly.
Naoko: Well... If you're really feeling that bad, you should go see a nurse. Or something like that.
Kurumi: I'm... fine.
I take my seat. Not long after, the teacher walks in and we continue from where we had left off.
The rest of the afternoon goes by as expected.
As the hours drag on, I begin to space out.
My thoughts begin to drift to unrelated places.
Should I start unpacking when I get home?
And what should I get for dinner?
There was a corner store I noticed on my way to school.
Right around the corner from the train station.
I could almost see it.
I've always had an unusually active imagination.
When I was younger, I remember that I was able to vividly recall most of my dreams.
But now... It seems as if I'm always struggling to remember something.
It's an odd sensation.
...
I must be dreaming right now.
Vague shapes and colors appear around me.
With some effort, I try and focus on the detail my mind conjures forth.
I'm on a hill. The sun is setting.
This place looks familiar. Another dream, perhaps?
Ahead, I see a girl sitting below a tree.
Her head is clutched in her lap and her hair drapes over her entire body, forming a curtain of sorts.
A shimmer of light reflects off her pink hair.
As I try and move closer, a sharp pain emerges in my head.
Though my vision grows blurrier, I notice that she stands up.
The throbbing feeling grows stronger as everything goes dark.
I open my eyes.
The desks around me are completely empty.
The dark skies and ominous clouds overhead have returned.
There's a slight thickness to the air as a thick mist has seeps in from the outside.
This is the world from my vision earlier.
An odd feeling creeps through my stomach.
Though I'm alone and see nobody else, I feel a foreign presence surrounding me.
It's as if an extra pair of eyes were watching my every move.
I have to find out who that girl was.
Something about her seemed familiar.
I felt as if she would have the answers.
Getting up from my desk, I leave the classroom.
