I hear the familiar chime of a school bell. It must be noon.
Students spring from their seats the second class ends. Looks like everyone's in a hurry to get lunch.
Before I even have the chance to say anything, [bn]Naoko@ grabs her belongings and heads out the door.
I wonder what the big rush is.
If I had to guess, it'd be to beat the lines at the cafeteria.
I grab my packed lunch from my bag and leave the classroom.
The hallway is teeming with students. People are everywhere and it's rather disorienting.
Not knowing exactly where I should be going, I follow the flow of the crowd.
The path diverges as I reach the stairwell at the end of the corridor.
The majority of the students head down toward the ground floor.
I look over, and see a flight of stairs going up. Those must lead to the roof.
My curiosity getting the better of me, I climb up to see it for myself.
A crisp gust of wind rises to meet me the moment I open the door and emerge onto the roof.
After having been cooped up in that classroom for so long, the fresh air and the clear sky feel great.
On the far side of the roof, I see a familiar figure sitting alone.
Kurumi: [bn]Naoko@..?
I walk over.
Naoko: Oh... Um, hey there!
She pulls her phone, which she had been completely fixated on, close to her chest.
Kurumi: What are you doing up here? Have you had your lunch already?
Naoko: I was... You see...
She smirks a little.
Naoko: I'm doing a little investigation, actually.
Turning back around, she holds her phone up into the air.
Naoko: And this is the only place around I get good reception.
Kurumi: I... see.
Odd. I notice that she doesn't seem to have a lunch.
Kurumi: Do you mind if I eat here? %Will it interfere with your, um, investigation?
Naoko: No, not at all. %Please.
I take a seat next to her beside the fence.
As I unwrap my packed lunch, I can sense her eyes drift over to scan its contents.
Naoko: Oh...
Kurumi: ...Hmm?
Naoko: That looks really good.
Kurumi: Really?
Naoko: Mhm. Did you make it yourself?
Kurumi: Yeah. You think so?
She nods.
It was just something I threw together real quick this morning.
I didn't think it was anything special, but I certainly appreciated the compliment.
Naoko: ...
I see her stare longingly at one of the sandwiches in my lunch box.
She looked like she was about to start drooling.
Kurumi: You... want one?
Naoko: ...
Naoko: ...
Naoko: ...Yes.
I open up the lid and hand over one of my sandwiches.
As she takes a big bite out of it, she then pulls out her phone again and continues from where she left off.
I can't help but ask.
Kurumi: Um... So what are you looking at?
Naoko: ...Huh?
She looks up.
Naoko: Oh... I don't think you'd be interested. It's kinda...
Laughing sheepishly, she doesn't finish her sentence.
Kurumi: Go on! I won't judge, I swear.
She surveys me for a moment, as if deciding whether to tell me or not.
Naoko: Well... There are these rumors that have been going around online...
Naoko: ...And I have taken up the personal crusade of tracking them!
Kurumi: Rumors? What kind of rumors?
She grins.
Naoko: Rumors about what's been going on all around the city! Haven't you heard?
This is the first I've heard of any rumor.
Kurumi: What do you mean..?
Naoko: There's... been a pattern of mysterious events. Let me show you.
She pulls up an image on her phone.
I see a plaza. Rubble is scattered throughout the path.
Naoko: That place was just closed last week. And then just yesterday...
Naoko: Take a look at this.
She shows another image. A ruined building.
Kurumi: This sounds like a big deal.
So then, why is this the first I'm hearing of it?
Naoko: Well, here's the craziest part.
Naoko: Almost nobody's even talking about it.
Naoko: It's as if there's this massive coverup going on.
I'm not sure what I think.
Naoko: So. Something suspicious is going on.
Naoko: I know it. %The signs are all there.
Kurumi: What do you think it is?
Naoko: ...
She finishes the sandwich.
With a dead serious look on her face, she responds.
Naoko: The supernatural.
Naoko: I'd like to think of myself as an expert on this kind of thing.
Kurumi: ...
I don't know what to make of that answer.
It seems a little... far-fetched.
I give a somewhat skeptical look.
Seeing this, she solemnly turns back to her phone, looking somewhat deflated.
Oops.
I eat the rest of my lunch in silence, heading back downstairs after I finish.
