As I pass the stairwell, I feel a gentle breeze blow by.
Where could that be coming from?
I walk over and take a look.
A few flights above, I see an open door.
The exit to the roof.
Someone must be up there.
I take a deep breath and climb up.
As I step outside, a chilling sight surrounds me.
The world around me seems to twist and distort in front of my very eyes.
Buildings far off in the horizon look almost completely unrecognizable.
Dark clouds swirl overhead and as gusts whip past me.
Though this entire dream had been filled with strange, bizarre and inexplicable sights...
A sudden, unexpected sense ran through my mind. Fear.
I was scared.
I didn't know how this dream was going to end.
This dream wasn't entirely my own.
On the far side, I notice a slender figure curled up, balanced precariously on the ledge.
Sitting completely still, there was air of tranquility surrounding her.
I'd almost hate to disturb it.
Regardless, I knew that I had to reach her. I had to talk with her.
She would know what was going on.
As I take a step forward, she looks up.
The world around us seems to pause.
As our eyes meet, we recognize each other.
A gust blows by, and her unmistakeable pink hair gently blows in the wind.
It's that girl that had [b]disappeared from class@.
A confused look passes through her eyes as I breathe a sigh of relief.
There was so much I had to ask. %I call out to her.
Kurumi: Hey..! What are you doing here?
As I finish my sentence, I hear a rush of footsteps from the stairwell behind me.
There are other people here.
The pink haired girl quickly gets up, perched high above a precarious drop to the ground far below.
What is she going to do?
Reaching my hand out, I run after her.
Kurumi: No, wait..!
In a single effortless motion...
She leaps off.
She's out of sight in an instant.
This can't be right.
I rush over to the ledge to see for myself.
As I peer out, I can't see anything.
A sea of mist sweeps around the building, obscuring the ground below.
I take a step back.
Two voices speak out from behind me.
I stand completely still, unsure if I've been seen.
Agent 1: It's... gone, isn't it?
Agent 2: Indeed. We've come too late.
Agent 1: Let's get out of this place. It's been giving me the creeps.
Agent 2: Yes. And be sure to notify the boy that our investigation is done.
After that, they go silent.
I quickly turn around and look.
An empty roof. I'm the only one here.
Dozens of questions frantically race through my mind.
What did they mean by it being 'too late'?
A sense of panic sets in as the world around me begins to swirl and distort more violently than ever.
This isn't my own dream, is it?
The [b]pink-haired girl@. I have to find her.
She would have the answers.
