Class passes by without much more trouble.
As apprehensive as I was to start my life at this new school...
It doesn't take long for a sense of normalcy to start setting in.
The lessons themselves aren't too different. The curriculum's just little ahead of ours back home.
I don't think I'll have too much trouble catching up.
For a brief moment, I look over to the [b]Pink-Haired Girl@ sitting only a couple seats ahead.
Twirling a lock of her hair through her fingers, she gazes idly out the window.
She isn't paying any attention, is she?
It's odd that nobody's even noticed.
I remembered our brief interaction earlier.
After what happened, she must think I'm some sort of weirdo.
...I'll have to talk with her about that.
As I look forward, I feel dizzy as my head begins to spin.
Raising my hand to my forehead, everything seems to be be normal.
I close my eyes, waiting for the moment to pass.
But as I open them, an unexpected sight appears before me.
A dark, empty classroom.
Where did everyone go?
As soon as I close my eyes again...
...I'm back in the real world.
Up front, the teacher continues to lecture as students sit quietly around me.
To my side, I notice Naoko frantically writing notes to her book.
That brief vision I saw. It was just a dream, wasn't it?
I must have fallen asleep.
Looking ahead, I notice something odd.
A few seats ahead of me was an empty desk.
That's where that pink-hair girl was just sitting moments ago.
I whisper over to Naoko, as to not attract attention.
Kurumi: Psst...
She looks up, with an annoyed expression on her face.
Naoko: ...Yeah?
Kurumi: That empty desk over there. Wasn't someone just just in it?
I point over to the pink-haired girl's empty desk.
Naoko: Her?
Naoko: Said she was sick or something. Left not long after class started.
She looks back down.
Naoko: I... Really need to take these notes. Sorry.
She goes back to writing.
I look over at the empty desk again.
Odd. I could swear I that just saw her here.
I must have been spacing out when she left.
Looking back down at my own textbook, I don't give it any more thought.
