Two figures stand before me in a clearing atop a barren hill, overlooking the desolate city.
On one side, I see a girl dressed in black.
An unsettling plume of darkness engulfs her as she struggles to stand.
On the other side, I notice a boy in flowing robes watching warily.
I can tell he's speaking, but I can't make out any distinct words.
They both seem so familiar. As if I've known them for a long time.
It's a striking feeling of deja vu.
As if she is unable to control herself, the girl in black lets out a blood-curdling scream.
From her expression, she must be in terrible pain.
A swirling vortex of shadow erupts from her clothing and envelops her arm in its shroud.
Merging into her body, it coalesces to form a sharp black spear extending from where her arm had been.
The robed boy quickly raises his hand.
He traces a a circle in the air, his fingertips surging with light.
The ground around him begins to glow, as if it were pulsing with electric current.
I can almost feel the burning heat emanating from it.
As if on cue, several pillars of blue light shoot out from the ground and surround the girl.
The boy must be using some sort of magic to keep her in place.
But... It's not nearly enough.
With a sudden motion of her hand, the girl breaks free.
The pillars of light shatter into shards, dissipating into thin air.
In one continuous motion, she lunges at the boy.
He steps to the side, narrowly avoiding the blow.
Leaping into the air, he frantically draws another symbol.
The girl bounds after him in pursuit, her face obscured in the torrent of shadow surrounding her body.
I'm struggling to follow all the events going on before me.
It's all happening so fast.
In a blazing flash of light, they meet in the sky high above.
They both hesitate, neither seeming to have the advantage.
With a sudden motion, the boy seizes this opportunity to strike back.
A shard of light pierces the girl through her chest as she is caught unguarded.
She plummets back down to the ground.
The force of the impact shatters the earth beneath her.
Is it over?
The boy calmly lands on his feet and walks carefully over to the girl's body.
I feel a brief sense of hesitation in his actions. I can't help but wonder why.
As he kneels down beside her, I catch a brief glimpse of his face.
I see only grief and regret.
Somehow, I know that things could have been different.
As I ponder this thought, I see the girl raise her arm to the boy's chest.
A weak smile slowly crosses over her face.
As the boy holds her closer, I see plumes of shadow swirling around them.
And then, in a sudden and unexpected motion...
The shadows converge into a serrated spear, stabbling the boy directly through the chest.
He slumps down to the ground, surprise frozen on his face.
Blood trickles down from his mouth as he tries to speak.
I look away. I can't watch anymore.
As I close my eyes, I feel the ground give way underneath me.
Falling. %I'm suddenly falling.
I can't see anything.
In the pitch black darkness, I'm helplessly falling down what feels like an endless pit.
What is going on?
Who were those two people I just saw?
Was it all real?
I feel my head being abruptly jerked back, and open my eyes.
I hear the sound of tires rolling on a well-paved street...
And feel bounce of the suspension gently rocking my body.
Sitting in the back seat of a car, unfamiliar lights pass by in the window beside me.
I must have fallen asleep. %It was all a dream.
Slowly, I blink and look outside. I remember where I am.
I'm in the city.
I let out a brief yawn and examine my surroundings.
Blinking colors line the streets, illuminated signs reflecting off the polished exteriors of passing cars.
In the distance, enormous towers rise into the night sky.
It's like a world made of lights, and much more beautiful than I had always dreamed.
For a moment, I'm reminded of the desolate world of my dream.
It was all so vivid, I was almost sure that it could have been real.
However, the two people... %I had never seen them before in my life.
And the mysterious powers that they were using...
Nothing like that could possibly exist in the real world.
My thoughts are quickly interrupted by the voice of the driver.
Driver: Ma'am, we've almost reached our destination.
Taken by surprise, I manage to eke out a response.
Me: [b3]Y-yep@! Looks like it.
Driver: Is this is the right place?
Me: I...
Still somewhat disoriented, I struggle to recollect myself.
They city. %I'm going to be moving here. %Living on my own.
A place that I had only seen in photos before. %I was finally here.
I pause and look outside, making sure it was all as I remembered.
Me: ...Yeah. That's right.
The driver nods and says nothing more.
After a few more turns, we finally reach the address that I had been given.
Up ahead, I see a small, unassuming apartment complex in a residential neighborhood.
This must be it.
I help myself out and take my bags from the trunk.
Driver: Good luck, young lady.
Me: Thank you.
With that, he pulls away.
I turn around, facing my new home.
