I'm alive.
Opening my eyes, I glance around the room I find myself in.
A bed. I see multiple others beside mine, all empty.
This must be the nurse's office.
The setting sun shines through the curtain covering the window beside me.
Sliding them aside, I see the courtyard where I had just been.
It's the late afternoon. I see a few students outside scattered about outside.
I feel as if I had just woken up from a dream. One that had suddenly turned into a nightmare.
The image of that otherworldly beast still burned sharply into my mind.
I could almost still feel its breath on my face. That was too real to be just a dream.
Kurumi: Mmph...
Propping myself up, I slip out of the bed. There's nobody in sight.
Straightening out my uniform, I hear footsteps coming from outside the door.
Someone's there.
The door swings open as I see who it is.

Yuuto: Finally awake?
Kurumi: ...Yuuto?

I remember hearing his voice during my dream.
Just as that monster was about to close in, I heard him shout.
And then, suddenly after that... A flash of blue light.
Did any of that really happen? And why was I so sure it was him?

A concerned voice snaps me out of my thoughts.
Yuuto: Are... you alright?
Kurumi: ...Yeah.
I don't even know what to say. Where to begin..?
Kurumi: I've... just had the oddest dream.
Kurumi: None of it made any sense at all.
Kurumi: But, it all seemed so real. And now... I'm here. What just happened?
He hesitates for a moment.
Yuuto: So you remember everything. All of it?

I give a puzzled nod.
Kurumi: ...
An amused grin slips over his face.
Yuuto: Well... I guess I've got some explaining to do.
He hesitates for a moment, as if carefully choosing his next words.
Yuuto: There's a lot in this world that you might not have known about.
Yuuto: But, as for what you've just seen...
He pauses.

Yuuto: ...That was what we call an 'anomalous magical event'.
Yuuto: Or just... 'AME', for short.
Kurumi: Anomalous... Magical..?

None of those words held any meaning for me.
If I didn't know better, I'd think he was talking complete gibberish.

He grins again, as if that was the exact reaction he expected.
Yuuto: That's right. Magic.
Yuuto: I know it might be hard to believe...

He pauses again, as if to add extra emphasis to his next statement.
Yuuto: But you can't deny what you just saw.
Kurumi: ...
Magic?
Could such a thing exist?
And could that really be the explanation behind everything I just saw?
This could all just be an elaborate joke.

He pauses for a moment, as if to judge my reaction.
Yuuto: You see, it just happens that you've come at a most interesting time.
Kurumi: What do you mean?
Yuuto: Well...
Yuuto: Those events. The 'AMEs'.
Yuuto: They've been happening quite frequently around this specific area.
Yuuto: Unfortunately, I don't know the exact cause.

He starts pacing slowly toward the window.
Yuuto: My fear is if something were to ever escape and affect the normal world, like that creature you saw...
He turns around, with an amused smile on his face.
Yuuto: Well, I'm actually not too sure what would happen.
Yuuto: But I can't imagine it would be good.

Chills went down my spine just thinking about it.
I didn't know how he was able to talk about it so calmly.
Kurumi: If this is really so dangerous, why don't we tell everyone?
Kurumi: Why don't we call the police... or...

He shakes his head and laughs, as if it was a ridiculous thought.
Yuuto: So, here's the truth.
Yuuto: This kind of thing, magic... It shouldn't ever affect the normal world.
Yuuto: And since nobody sees it, nobody really knows about it.
Yuuto: I guess that makes it a secret, doesn't it?

He nods, as if he was pleased with his own explanation.
It was a whole lot to take in at once.
As I thought it over, something very obvious didn't make sense.

Kurumi: If this is all the truth...
Kurumi: Then why am I here?
Kurumi: Why are you telling me all of this?

He pauses again, as if taken off guard by my question.
Yuuto: Well...
Grinning sheepishly, he scratches the back of his neck.
Yuuto: Whether or not you're aware, you have an ability.
Yuuto: Most people aren't able to see these magical distortions.
Yuuto: But... You were somehow able to.
Kurumi: What does that mean..?

Before I can get an answer, I hear an abrupt knock on the door.
The door swings open as a stern faced man steps inside.
Another nervous looking younger man follows him in.
They seem familiar, somehow.
Have I met them before?

The older of the two men walks over to Yuuto.
With an impatient tone of voice, he speaks.
Agent 1: Yuuto. We've been looking for you.
Agent 1: Why haven't you been helping us with the investigation?
The younger man behind him speaks up.
Agent 2: Listen, boss... We've already got the readings we've come for. Why don't we head back?
The older man turns and frowns.

Of course. I recognized both of them by their voices.
I had seen them both back during my dream.

With a calm and collected tone of voice, Yuuto responds.
Y: Listen. I told you earlier.
Y: The anomaly has disappeared. The source must have moved.
Y: You're not going to find anything else looking around here.
The younger man behind him sighs in an exasperated tone.
The older man mutters frustratedly.
Agent 1: I still can't believe they sent us this kid to deal with-
He pauses suddenly, looking in my direction.

Agent 1: Who's she?
He points directly at me.

K: ...
Yuuto interjects.
Y: She's... a classmate of mine. She passed out during class.
Was that what happened?
Y: I came here to check up on her.
Was he going to mention anything besides just that?
I waited for more, but he remained silent.

The younger man looked somewhat amused.
Agent 2: A friend?
Agent 1: Rather unexpected.
Agent 2: Well, this is a high school after all...
Y: If you've got no more business, then I'll send my report on the situation tomorrow morning.
Y: We've got a few more potential clues on the origins of the anomalies. I'll be sure to include them.

The older man nods.
Agent 1: We'll be waiting for it.
Agent 2: You've got to admit, he's pretty good.
Agent 1: Hmmph.
Both men turn and leave.
I can't help but wonder why he didn't mention anything else.

Once both of them are out of sight, Yuuto turns to face me.
Yuuto: Listen. There's one last thing I haven't told you.
Kurumi: What is that?
Yuuto: Because of your ability... you may be in danger.
Kurumi: D-danger..?!
Yuuto: I'll do my best to make sure it doesn't happen.
It wasn't a very reassuring statement.
Yuuto: Even so, I might need your help.
Kurumi: What do you mean?
He smiles.
Yuuto: Don't worry too much about it, okay?
Yuuto: I'll let you know if I do.

He gets up.
Yuuto: I've got to write that report or else they get real cranky.
He motioned over to the door as if he was about to leave.

Kurumi: Wait..!
I stop him.
Kurumi: What is going on? Who were those two?
There was still so much more I had to ask.
Yuuto: Those two?
Yuuto: ...
He pauses for a moment.
Yuuto: They're... friends.
Friends?
I had trouble believing it.

Before I could stop him again, he was already on his way out.
Yuuto: I'll tell you more tomorrow, okay?

With a quick slam of the door, he was gone.
I didn't have the energy to chase after him.

Instead, I fall back down onto bed.
This is a lot to think about.
