I race down the stairs and through the halls, barely maintaining my footing as the floor continues to shake beneath my feet.
As I reach the entrance, an eerie sight appears before me.
From outside the building, a pulsing light glows from the direction of the courtyard.
Kurumi: Is... something out there?
After what I had just seen, I could only expect the worst.
Taking a deep breath, I slide open the door and head outside.
As I step through the courtyard, it’s finally clear to me what it is.
Up ahead on the path I see a circular pattern of etched lines on the ground pulse rhythmically.
It’s much like what I had seen earlier, only much larger in size.
Mesmerized by their intricate detail, I slowly step closer.
I can’t tell whether this is real, or just a vivid hallucination.
My rational side is telling me to get away.
But... can feel that this was something beyond logical explanation in the rational world.
I feel myself drawn to its mysterious beauty.
As I get closer, I notice that it begins to behave differently than before.
Sparks of light pulse and pulse and dance along lines in a heartbeat-like rhythm.
It almost seems... alive.
Suddenly, the ground begins to shake as I stumble to my feet.
Streams of smoke rise out as I see a shadowy mass emerge from the ground.
The glowing lines shift around as it begins to take a definite solid form.
I see distinct six distinct limbs emerge, one after another.
They’re each long and thin, not much larger than the size of my leg.
As the smoke clears, the rest of its form becomes visible.
It has a head like a large dog’s, with sharp spines trailing along its back and tail.
With two large, empty blank eyes it stares directly at me.
A chill goes down my spine as it raises its head and emits an otherworldly howl.
This kind of thing doesn’t exist in the real world.
Was this still all just a dream?
I have precious few seconds to think before it leaps directly at me.
I instinctively jump out of the way, falling to the ground as I narrowly avoid getting caught.
This seems too real to be a dream.
Crawling back to my feet, I turn around to find it a mere few feet away.
It angrily snaps at my face with its sharp teeth as I stumble back.
Suddenly, a familiar voice calls out and pierces through the silence.
Yuuto: [bk]Kurumi@! Get back!
A flash of blinding light fills my vision as I attempt to brace myself.
A surge of blistering heat barrages me as the force of a powerful shockwave knocks me off my feet.
And then, in an instant… It all goes dark.
